---
layout: default
head.title: brainTrust
description: An open source blog theme powered by Nuxt.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/alpine-0.webp'
---
#title
Hi, I am [Jatin Sharma](https://github.com/jatin-sharma-11).
#description
- A computer science engineer with a passion for writing and exploring new ideas.
- As an avid blogger, I enjoy tackling a wide range of topics, from technology and science to politics and culture.
- I'm excited to keep exploring new topics and ideas in the months and years to come, and I hope you'll [join me on this journey]() of discovery.
::


### About
Welcome to BrainTruth, a blog dedicated to exploring the fascinating world of neuroscience and the inner workings of the human brain.

At BrainTruth, we believe that understanding the brain is key to unlocking our full potential as human beings. Our blog covers a wide range of topics related to the brain, including cognitive science, psychology, neurobiology, and more.

Our team of passionate writers and researchers are dedicated to sharing the latest findings and insights from the world of neuroscience, and making them accessible to everyone. Whether you're a student, a professional, or simply interested in learning more about the brain, BrainTruth is the perfect place to explore this fascinating field.

So if you're ready to delve into the mysteries of the mind and unlock the secrets of human behavior, join us at BrainTruth today!

### Popular Blogs

::articles-list
---
path: popularArticles
---
::

